Bump sigs.k8s.io/gateway-api from 0.4.2 to 0.5.0 (#143)
nginxinc/nginx-kubernetes-gateway: examples/https-termination/README.md

   ```

   The TLS certificate and key in this secret are used to terminate the TLS connections for the cafe application.
   **Important**: This certificate and key are for demo purposes only.

1. Create the `Gateway` resource:
   ```
   kubectl apply -f gateway.yaml
   ```

   This [gateway](./gateway.yaml) configures an `https` listener is to terminate TLS connections using the `cafe-secret` we created in the step 1.

1. Create the `HTTPRoute` resources:
   ```
   kubectl apply -f cafe-routes.yaml
   ```

>    To configure HTTPS termination for our cafe application, we will bind the `https` listener to our `HTTPRoutes` in [cafe-routes.yaml](./cafe-routes.yaml) using the [`parentReference`](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/v1alpha2/references/spec/#gateway.networking.k8s.io%2fv1alpha2.ParentReference) field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To configure HTTPS termination for our cafe application, we will bind the `https` listener to our `HTTPRoutes` in [cafe-routes.yaml](./cafe-routes.yaml) using the [`parentReference`](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/references/spec/#gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1beta1.ParentReference) field:
```
